very good kids how are you today
I 'm going to show you how to download the
minecraft for more than installation by
of minecraft force what it does
is that if it puts more than a little more
by we put in a total way and in no
No conflict problem if it puts you
many things to do the good of equal
As it does not have to take good once
in your browser you go to the link that
I will leave in the description of the video
the parade is my trafford and dot net
we cleared a little
Okay now you are the first of all
be close to spot 1.5 points 2 now
is to take a page the flight you wait
a little bit the beach is advertising so that
have injured
in military transport that is not bad
because he is always updating 6
wait for me to remember at the desk
where what is there to cut where
guard
once downloaded
but you have to do is for those of
windows xp but here you have to run it
is to execute
and those of July being seen from here
you put
percentage
efe
in the description of the video just in case
good if you put it here and those here
and those of windows xp to execute and then
you write it
you take to point minecraft
well here where to profess since pepito
minecraft point
where they put minecraft to crave some
I would have three points
you have right button to open with win
after achieving is a tablets for
compress files I also leave you
some of in the description
now you open this also the micro because
we have downloaded what open
now you take all the files from
minecraft fort all
in the end
and the almonds passages point jar
we wait a little bit
breast
a little bit for that to happen
it's okay
because there are many assets and with many
assets
Once it's over you give my street
to the handbag
the mantras points hat or bags of
coffee the most important half of liza in
March
is sure dynamite is and if this
it is very important that you eliminate it is a
black against fortinet to none of the
motorcycles that you put
for once finished and simply you
you already have the physical you have it paraguay
Jamaica
I talked about jsa enter game and this is another
the first time the metal is going down
the files that things will come out
always but so I took a little longer
from normal bases or the first time to
that the files are downloaded but always
is going to come out every state of your mind makes
this is going to come out of the forget of no
problem
we have a little bit like this I take advantage of
down took advantage and diego that from
from now on this channel
lindelof 10 and 3 I'm going to start uploading
these minecraft tutorials mods
minecraft pages reviews and a mass
that lends or mods tutorials
ok now we hope a little bit
what does he believe
it shows that faster
I will have to press the video is not worth
it's already here you can already check the
three modes there are we have assets are three
Monks of well accept are modules of the
porch and the copac season of forza
and that's it already we have you could play
so much
already coming now between little
really a few days tomorrow has passed
about a video of offering they resolved to
of your mini themes your mind months for
have everything you give food you have
here all the items everything you want
and what you put is a good total mode is
necessary precisely the world has to
have and I'll put it is like
creative or I'll put it past tomorrow and
that with the good folio and this has been
all comment what you want to subscribe
give it a lie that I hope you liked
that follow if not also religion
He says he would have to give like a joke
he joked do not I all religions like that
that then nothing until later neglected